			#######
			QUIZ 04
			#######

Question 1  :-	Compute the variance of the uniform noise distribution function (b>a):  


Answer  :-	((b - a) ^ 2) / 2  



Question 2  :-	Question 2  
----------  
What is the probability distribution function of salt-and-pepper noise?  



Question 3  :-	Question 3
----------  
Consider a constant image (a single pixel value in the whole image). Assume we add Gaussian noise to the image. How many Gaussian functions (distributions) will appear in the histogram of the noisy image?  


Answer  :-	One  

Explanation:- 	The original histogram is a delta function, and then we obtain one Gaussian around it.  


Question 4  :-	Consider a constant image (a single pixel value in the whole image), not white nor black. Assume we add salt-and-pepper noise to the image. How many delta functions (distributions) will appear in the histogram of the noisy image?  


Answer  :-	Three  

Explanation:- 	We have a delta for the original pixel values, and one for salt and then one for pepper  


Question 5  :-	What filter would you apply to restore an image corrupted by additive Gaussian noise and motion blur if your goal is to minimize the expected mean squared error between the original image and the restored one?  


Answer  :-	Wiener filter   

Explanation:-	definition of Wiener filter.  


Question 6  :-	Do you consider you understand the difference between image enhancement and image restoration? There is no wrong answer here.  


Answer  :-	Yes  

Explanation:- 	In image restoration we can recover the original image. In image enhancement, the goal is simply to make the image more appropriate for a given task


Question 7  :-	Consider we have an image composed of three constant flat regions. In other words, every line looks like ...ccccdddd..., eeee..., where c is a given gray value, d another, and e yet another. Assume c > d and e > d. We want to compress the image and select to apply a simple predictor such that the current value is predicted as equal to the previous one just to its left (ignore boundary pixels). The prediction error is better modeled as  


Answer  :-	Salt and Pepper  

Explanation:- 	error at the boundaries only, when moving from c to d and from d to e.  


Question 8  :-	Assume we have the same image as in the previous question, and we add to it Gaussian noise with zero mean. Assume we apply the same type of prediction. The prediction error is now better modeled by  


Answer  :-	Three Gaussian modes  

