			#######
			QUIZ 01
			#######

Question 1  :-	Image and video processing has applications in (you can select more than one correct answer.)  

Answer  :-	Outer-space images  
			Consumer images  
			Medical images  

Explanation:- 	As told in the introductory videos, image processing has a lot of applications in consumer, outer space, medical images and many more areas. images, outer-space images, and much more.  




Question 2  :-	Images exist only in the visual spectrum.  

Answer  :-	False  

Explanation:- 	The statement that images exist only in the visual spectrum is False, as we have seen in the early videos. Check video 3

 
 
Question 3  :-	When you enter dark room in a bright day, it takes some time before you can see reasonable well in the room. Which visual process explains this phenomena?  

Answer  :-	Brightness Adaptation  

Explanation:- 	Brightness adaptation is the visual process that explains that when you enter dark room in a bright day, it takes some time before you can see reasonable well in the room. Check Figure 2.4 Adaptation due to rods and cones  

 
 
Question 4  :-	Consider an image with 100 lines and 1000 pixels per line. Each pixel can take 256 different values. The total amount of bits needed to store that image is  

Answer  :-	800,000  

Explanation:- 	We have a total of 100x1000 pixels in the image, and we need 8 bits per pixel to represent 256 different values. The total number of bits is then 8x100x1000.  



Question 5  :-	Sampling refers to  

Answer  :-	Discretization of the spatial image domain.  

Explanation:- 	Sampling refers to discretization of the spatial image domain. See figures 2.16  and 2.17  in video 5.  


  
Question 6  :-	Quantization refers to  

Answer  :-	Discretization of the values an image pixel can take.  

Explanation:- 	Quantization refers to discretization of the values an image pixel can take. See figures 2.16 and 2.17 in video 5.  



Question 7  :-	Going from a pixel with coordinate (1,1) to a pixel with coordinate (0,0) takes  

Answer  :-	One step for 8 adjacency and 2 steps for 4 adjacency.  

Explanation:- 	8 adjacency can travel diagonally (a single step), with 4 adjacency we can only move down and then left (a total of 2 steps).  


 
Question 8  :-	The determinant of a scaling matrix is equal to 1.  

Answer  :-	False  

Explanation:- 	False. The determinant actually represents the scale, see Table 2.2 (around 11:42) in video 6.  
Determinant of scaling matrix = s(x) * s(y), where s(x) & s(y) are the scaling factors in the x and y directions, respectively.  



Question 9  :-	The determinant of a rotation matrix is

Answer  :-	1  

Explanation:- 	The determinant of a rotation matrix is equal to 1
Determinant of a rotation matrix = (cos(theta))^2 + (sin(theta))^2 = 1.



  
Question 10  :-	When we quantize an image, the amount of memory needed to store it  

Answer  :-	Decreases.  

Explanation:- 	It decreases. Quantization is linked with compression, reducing the amount of storage needed.



Question 11  :-	A video has 30 frames (images) per second. Considering that each image has 1000 * 1000 pixels, an hour of video will occupy  

Answer  :-	We can't know.  

Explanation:- 	We can't know because the number of gray levels per pixel was not specified.  


 
Question 12  :-	If we quantize an image with double resolution (meaning we use twice the number of bits per pixel) and sample it with half the resolution in each direction, then  

Answer  :-	The total storage needed is reduced by half.  

Explanation:- 	Since we are reducing the resolution by 2 in each direction, the total number of pixels is reduced by 4. At the same time we are doubling the number of bits per pixel and therefore the total storage is only reduced by 2.   
So, new space required = old space required / 2.  